Update monitoring dashboard documentation with health check (#6019)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/mi-observe/working-with-monitoring-dashboard.md

<a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/monitoring-dashboard/dashboard-artifact-list.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/integrate/monitoring-dashboard/dashboard-artifact-list.png" width="300"></a>

> ## Monitoring health of MI Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Monitoring health of MI Dashboard

```

> MI Monitoring Dashboard provide a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MI Monitoring Dashboard provide a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API:

```

> MI Monitoring Dashboard provide a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The MI Monitoring Dashboard provides a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API:

```

> MI Monitoring Dashboard provide a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The MI Monitoring Dashboard provides a health check endpoint that can be used to monitor the status of the Dashboard. The following API format can be used to invoke the health API.

```

```

> https://localhost:9743/dashboard/api/healthz

Reviewer: @madushadhanushka , is the "z" at the end of the URL correct?

Author: yes. This link is same as MI health check endpoint URL

```

> If MI Dashboard is up and running properly, Then the following response will be responded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If MI Dashboard is up and running properly, the following response will appear.

```

> If MI Dashboard is up and running properly, Then the following response will be responded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the MI Dashboard is up and running properly, the following response will appear.

```
